"About Me" Content Questions

Describe yourself in two to three sentences.

	You probably will recognize me as "that guy with a girl's name" and I don't mind that a bit. I am a foodie and a wanna-be food critic (What's better than making a living out of eating and criticizing people?). Food is the best way to start any relationship. Ask my wife about that.

What's important to you?

	Internet, electricity, computer, and basically all the modern inventions that make our life so amazing today. Can you imagine how people lived in the 1700's and 1800's? Neither can I. I consider staying up-to-date to be quite important.

	I do believe that a better question would be "Who's important to you?" To which, I would answer: My wife and daughter. God has blessed me with a wonderful, imperfect little family. 

Where are you from?

	I was born and raised in Jakarta, Indonesia. It is the biggest archipelago nation with over 13,000 islands. It looks like an "island bridge" that connects Asia and Australia. The Phillipines is just above us.

	My stay in the United States began in 2005 when I attended Pensacola Christian College in Florida. Since then, I've been living in Pensacola for almost 9 years and Dallas for about a year. I consider myself an Indonesian and a Floridian. Sometimes I also claim to be from Texas since I have a lot of friends and memories made there.

What are your favorite hobbies?

	Video games hands down. But, I am super picky about my video game. I only play select games that involve a lot of thinking, strategizing, and planning.

	When my pocket allows it, I like to try new restaurants and new food.

What's your dream job?

	I'd like to own, or at least be a (chunky) part of, a global tech company that transforms the way we live for the better.

What music have you been listening to lately?

	Now that you ask, I realized I haven't been listening to any music for the last few weeks. Or is it months? The last time I remember consciously tuning into music was Christmas. Oh no!

What's your short-term goal?

	I definitely want to dive into web development industry. My short-term goal is to sharpen my front-end skills and to build a serious fortpolio to help me market my abilities. I also want to be a full-stack developer in the future. To do that, I'll equip myself with back-end skills such as ruby-on-rails and node.js. But for now, I'll focus on front-end web development.